docs(analytics): explain the three SPM products (#16249)
firebase/firebase-ios-sdk: FirebaseAnalytics/README.md

# Firebase Analytics SDK

## Choosing the Right Analytics Product

The Firebase iOS SDK ships **three** Swift Package products for Analytics. Pick the one whose ad-identifier and data-collection posture matches what your app is allowed to do — adding more than one is unnecessary and surface area you don't need.

| Package product | Underlying measurement library | IDFA / advertising | When to use |
|-----------------|--------------------------------|--------------------|-------------|

> | **`FirebaseAnalytics`** | `GoogleAppMeasurement` | Yes — collects IDFA when ATT-authorized; includes Google Signals + advertising features | Default for consumer apps that want full Analytics, audience targeting, and ad-network attribution |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **`FirebaseAnalytics`** | `GoogleAppMeasurement` | Yes — collects IDFA when ATT-authorized; includes on-device conversion measurement | Default for consumer apps that want full Analytics, audience targeting, and ad-network attribution |
```

| **`FirebaseAnalyticsCore`** | `GoogleAppMeasurementCore` | No | Apps that must avoid IDFA collection entirely (e.g., kids apps, restricted enterprise distributions, or apps whose privacy posture rules out any advertising-related data) |

> | **`FirebaseAnalyticsIdentitySupport`** | `GoogleAppMeasurementCore` + `GoogleAppMeasurementIdentitySupport` | No IDFA, but enables privacy-respecting identity features (e.g., requestTrackingAuthorization integration without ad-targeting) | Apps that need user-deletion / identity-management integrations on top of Core but still don't want advertising-tier data collection |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **`FirebaseAnalyticsIdentitySupport`** | `GoogleAppMeasurementCore` + `GoogleAppMeasurementIdentitySupport` | Yes - collects IDFA when ATT-authorized; excludes on-device conversion measurement | Apps that collect IDFA, but don't run any Google Ad campaigns |
```
